#  Asymmetric Ciphers.

### Course: Cryptography & Security
### Author: Andreea Covalevschi

----

## Theory
Asymmetric Cryptography (a.k.a. Public-Key Cryptography)deals with the encryption of plain text when having 2 keys, one being public and the other one private. The keys form a pair and despite being different they are related.

As the name implies, the public key is available to the public but the private one is available only to the authenticated recipients.

A popular use case of the asymmetric encryption is in SSL/TLS certificates along side symmetric encryption mechanisms. It is necessary to use both types of encryption because asymmetric ciphers are computationally expensive, so these are usually used for the communication initiation and key exchange, or sometimes called handshake. The messages after that are encrypted with symmetric ciphers.



Examples: <br>
- RSA
- Diffie-Helman
- ECC
- El Gamal
- DSA

## Objectives:
- Get familiar with the asymmetric cryptography mechanisms.
- Implement an example of an asymmetric cipher.

## Implementation description

## RSA  
### Encryption

### Decryption


## Conclusions / Screenshots / Results
RC4 is a simple and fast cypher but at the same time not secure. The keystream 
generated by the RC4 is biased to varying degrees towards certain sequences which
makes it even more vulnerable. DES is more secure than RC4 and the most practical 
attack which can be used in order to break it is a brute-force attack. The biggest
downside of it is the relatively short 56-bit key size.
The objectives of this laboratory work were accomplished. Everything works as 
intended.